fix: Encode fileServerFolder to fix #25839 (#29162)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue where Cypress was unable to search in the Specs list for files or folders containing numbers. Fixes [#29034](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29034).

> - Fixed an issue parsing the `fileServerFolder` path when there are special characters. Fixes [#25839](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25839).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue setting the `x-cypress-file-path` header when there are invalid header characters in the file path. Fixes [#25839](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25839).
```
